A woman bolted upright in bed and clutched her mouth and throat, stifling a shriek. After a moment passed, the agony in her eyes cleared. She grit her teeth and sighed. The dead were not meant to sleep. Their dreams were too dark.

"Do you want anything?" a soothing voice said.

It rushed quietly, like pouring sand.

"Mother?"

Another woman sat cross-legged on a cushion beside her bed-pad. She set down a book and turned to face her daughter.

They seemed more the same age. The older woman was broad-faced and lean. Her skin was olive and her hair black with the first streaks of silver. The younger was thin and pale and platinum blond, every bit tailored to look like a goddess of frost.

"I'm here," the mother said. "If you need me to fetch something or if you need me to sit by your side. I also had night terrors. You're handling yours quite a bit better."

The daughter frowned and looked at her clenched fists. Her own voice was bright and clear like ice, in spite of the late hour.

"Do I really deserve this? Redemption? I know what you keep saying, but a part of me can't believe it. Even with a cost like reliving all that."

"It's always hardest to forgive yourself, truly."

"The things I've done. Not just… as I am. The things I did _before_. Alive. In the name of science or the people or… whatever was in vogue that week. Now that I can feel again, I almost can't bear them."

The mother put a hand over her daughter's fist.

"Almost. You were the best of them, dear. That's why you had so much room to fall. And it's not because you were a genius. It's because you were you. You could bear so much, so you felt you needed to. And they all let you. And then they let you fall."

"It was my fault. I'm the one who-"

"Yes. It's always our own fault. But who can bear the world alone? You had to fall, or you would break. Do remember Salina? And how you hated her?"

"I do. I was jealous. I was in a slump, and she was so young and doing so well. And when I lashed out, nothing I did shook her."

"She wasn't alone. That's all it was. You were burned out. No one to share with. Bounce ideas off of. Oh, you built walls to keep people out, but they let you. The solitary genius was convenient. Maybe if you'd broken them down, Salina would have listened, but you couldn't know that and built more walls against her. It's an ugly cycle. Very rare is the person who can break it."

"You did."

The mother took a sharp breath and leaned back,

"Frankly, I cheated. Humans can't exactly send messages back in time to tell themself they need to split their soul. I only did it by 'myself' because I was two people for thirty years, and one of those people had help. Not one of the Remakers became that on their own.

Just because you were the best of humanity doesn't mean you're the best at everything. It's fine to ask for help. And now you know your own sins and your own weaknesses. You know how to see when you're making a mistake and what you have to do to make things right. And you have people who will help you. You can face your past any time you wish. I'll be there every step of the way."

"I- I'm ready. Now."

"Last chance. Do you want to wait for morning? Have a clearer head?"

"No. Now, while I have the courage."

The mother nodded and reached out. She tapped her daughter's forehead, and all went black.
